[The Legend of Rosy Clouds]
[Episode 36]
Take my lady away for preparations.
Yes.
Boss.
Everyone left is here.
We have at most half an hour left.
Half an hour
is enough.
Pass my order.
Anyone who comes this way
will be killed without mercy.
Yes.
Spread out and search.
We must find Fan Yun.
Yes.
Let's go. Follow me.
♪ Why oh why ♪
♪ Is the path of destiny ♪
♪ So bittersweet? ♪
♪ My gaze rests on ♪
♪ The fading lights,
with nowhere to return ♪
♪ Inundated with bitter pain ♪
What's wrong, Master?
♪ My obsession still wouldn't surrender ♪
Are you okay?
♪ In the end,
my love is still unrequited ♪
♪ I could have ♪
♪ Played every trick in the book ♪
♪ But I chose painstaking devotion ♪
♪ Never caging my love ♪
It's okay.
♪ Even if I had to
trudge through a thousand miles ♪
Keep going.
♪ Henceforth, I shall wander the world,
plucking petals and holding the moon ♪
♪ Listen to the wind and admire the moon
for days on end ♪
♪ Accept that I'm not your happiness ♪
♪ Let go of what's before me ♪
♪ Consider this the best ending ♪
♪ I disdain everything
in the vast universe ♪
♪ So why do I care for
a single glance from you? ♪
♪ Drinking a pot of the past ♪
♪ I toast to my withering self
as the curtains fall ♪
♪ And you don't know the reason why ♪
♪ Let go of what's before me ♪
♪ Consider this the best ending ♪
♪ I disdain everything
in the vast universe ♪
♪ So why do I care for
a single glance from you? ♪
♪ Drinking a pot of the past ♪
♪ I toast to my withering self
as the curtains fall ♪
♪ And you don't know the reason why ♪
I...
Where am I?
You're awake.
You...
Zheng Shi.
Why am I here?
What exactly do you want?
What I want
has always been just you.
Today,
I want you to be my wife.
It's Qi Zheng.
It's Qi Zheng!
Let go of me!
I know where Zheng Xian kept
all his explosives.
I have ways to set off
all the ones he failed to set off.
Zheng Shi,
are you crazy?
If you leave here,
more people will die.
The first one
will be Qi Zheng.
Like you said,
I am a madman.
You...
Zheng Shi.
How did you become like this?
Become like what?
In this world,
I only care about
how you and Grandfather feel.
If they are both gone,
it doesn't matter what I become.
Zheng Shi,
why must you do this?
Don't you know that some things
simply can't be forced?
What does it matter?
A life that you dislike
will pass by in a moment.
But a moment you like
can last you for a lifetime.
Here.
Put this on.
No need.
I have
my own belonging here.
I will wear my own hair accessory.
It's almost time.
Tidy up and come out.
♪ If women are akin to blossoms ♪
♪ Can they be cherished tenderly? ♪
♪ For whom do they hide tears silently? ♪
♪ How could one bear to lay blame? ♪
♪ Time runs wild with reckless haste ♪
♪ Never mind that
fate dyes pureness crimson red ♪
♪ For whom does ♪
♪ This phoenix flower bloom? ♪
♪ Love fills my years,
and my heart remains true ♪
♪ Let all worldly longing fade away ♪
Put on the Phoenix Crown.
♪ Fall deep within a single dream ♪
Otherwise,
♪ Wait till a breath of wind arrives ♪
I'll blow up the bridge.
Qi Zheng...
Qi Zheng, watch out!
You should be looking at me.
Look at me.
The auspicious time has arrived.
Fan Yun.
Think again.
Are you marrying me today, or not?
First bow to Heaven and Earth;
a perfect couple is made.
Qi Zheng,
if you can't make it out alive today,
I shall perish with you.
♪ Spring winds, autumn rain ♪
♪ Flowers bloom for a single season ♪
♪ Fallen petals turn into mud ♪
Second bow to the parents;
joining in marriage.
♪ It's never ♪
♪ The ending I crave ♪
♪ I'd be the wick lit up ♪
♪ For you each night ♪
♪ Burning myself bright ♪
Zheng Shi.
♪ Beside you as you hold the brush ♪
You can't threaten us.
♪ Till every streak of ink fades away ♪
♪ I search and search through all days ♪
♪ Lingering on with unwilling heart ♪
♪ What does a final choice matter? ♪
♪ In the moment of looking back ♪
♪ This life is worth it ♪
♪ When no dawn can be seen ahead ♪
♪ Who are the dream-walkers? ♪
♪ Facing the light ♪
Husband and wife bow to each other;
tying the knot.
♪ Singing a long song along the way ♪
♪ Tear the dark night apart ♪
♪ Turn my whole heart ♪
♪ Into an ever-burning bright lamp light ♪
♪ Live up to every year ♪
♪ With fiery passion ♪
♪ Even if I merge into ♪
♪ The stream of stars in the end ♪
♪ With thousands of miles between us ♪
♪ I never fade away within your eyes ♪
Drink the sweet dew tea from crossed cups,
become a married couple,
and be deeply in love with no doubts.
Drink the sweet dew tea together,
Drink this cup of sweet dew tea,
and you will be my wife.
Zheng Shi!
You have disappointed me so.
We were once
friends
and confidants.
You knew very well that
I...
I don't love you at all.
This is your last chance.
If you don't drink this cup of tea,
I'm afraid someone
won't leave here alive today.
Tell your men to stop now.
Please don't fight anymore.
How many people have to die
for you to be satisfied?
Zheng Shi!
One more, me.
What do you mean,
Zheng Shi?
My name sounds so beautiful
when you say it.
I really want to drink
the sweet dew tea made by you,
Fan Yun.
The sweet dew tea...
I have already had it with Qi Zheng.
So,
I won't have it with anyone else.
I lost
this bet to you.
Fan Yun.
Since you're unwilling,
this time,
I will return your freedom.
♪ Let go of what's before me ♪
♪ Consider this the best ending ♪
♪ I disdain everything
in the vast universe ♪
♪ So why do I care for
a single glance from you? ♪
♪ Drinking a pot of the past ♪
♪ I toast to my withering self
as the curtains fall ♪
♪ And you don't know the reason why ♪
Zheng Shi! Zheng Shi!
♪ I could have ♪
♪ Played every trick in the book ♪
♪ But I chose painstaking devotion ♪
♪ Never caging my love ♪
♪ Even if I had to
trudge through a thousand miles ♪
Zheng Shi!
♪ Henceforth, I shall wander the world,
plucking petals and holding the moon ♪
♪ Listen to the wind and admire the moon
for days on end ♪
♪ Accept that I'm not your happiness ♪
Fan Yun!
♪ Let go of what's before me ♪
♪ Consider this the best ending ♪
♪ I disdain everything
in the vast universe ♪
♪ So why do I care for
a single glance from you? ♪
I always thought that
pursuing the ultimate freedom
♪ Drinking a pot of the past ♪
was the happiest thing in life.
♪ I toast to my withering self
as the curtains fall ♪
Until Grandfather passed away,
I gradually started to understand
what you said.
♪ And you don't know the reason why ♪
At that time, I thought,
it's not too late,
at least I still have you.
So for the first time, I thought
about someone other than myself,
♪ Let go of what's before me ♪
and wondered what I could do for you.
♪ Consider this the best ending ♪
But I realized
I still failed to hold onto anything.
♪ I disdain everything
in the vast universe ♪
♪ So why do I care for
a single glance from you? ♪
I wanted to tell you
that you were the one who took my life.
♪ Drinking a pot of the past ♪
That way,
♪ I toast to my withering self
as the curtains fall ♪
I could become
the most special person to you,
making you remember me forever
♪ And you don't know the reason why ♪
and grieve for me.
But I was afraid
you would really be heartbroken.
♪ And you don't know the reason why ♪
Maybe this is for the best.
Fan Yun.
Get in.
Hurry up.
Since Elder Zheng entrusted me,
it's my responsibility
to select a new clan leader
for the Zheng family
to ensure the stability
and prosperity of Jing City.
Recently,
I have also witnessed
Zheng Xi's courage and bravery,
which is why I recommend her
as a candidate for
the clan leader of the Zheng family.
Zheng Xi,
tell me,
are you willing to help me
rebuild Jing City?
Elders,
I have indeed been withdrawn
and quiet since childhood.
But I also studied and grew up
with my brothers.
Although I never dreamed of
serving the Nine Cities
like my ancestors did,
since I met Gate Cdr. Fan,
I realized
that women
can be just as courageous as men.
Women
can also have their own careers
and ambitions.
Now, Jing City is in ruins,
and the people are suffering.
I am not willing to retreat.
So,
if I say I don't want to now,
it would be a lie.
Yes.
Good.
After hearing Zheng Xi's heartfelt words,
what do you all think?
I second that.
From today on,
you are the new clan leader
of the Zheng family.
I hope you remain determined
and unyielding.
Yes, Your Excellency.
You said he was poisoned?
Yes, Boss...
I mean, Zheng Shi,
was badly poisoned
before the succession ceremony.
How was he poisoned?
He was ambushed by a hidden arrow
that scratched his right arm.
The arrowhead
was dipped in poison.
It must have been Zheng Xian's doing.
If he knew he was poisoned,
why did he ignore it?
This poison is unique to Jing City.
One will die a few days
after it takes effect.
After searching everywhere,
the antidote turned out to be
a Jing City specialty,
the sweet dew tea.
He knew the sweet dew tea
could cure the poison.
If he had drunk it earlier,
he wouldn't have
deteriorated so much.
Is your wound
going to be okay?
As long as you are here,
I won't die.
Are you alright?
It seems you still care about me.
I just wonder when
I will be able to drink
the tea brewed by your own hands,
Fan Yun.
If you don't drink this tea,
I'm afraid someone
won't leave here alive today.
You didn't have to die.
Why did you refuse to drink it?
Your Excellency.
Today we are not master and minister.
Just sit down and talk.
Why are you drinking alone?
Is something on your mind?
Your Excellency.
I have one request
that I hope you will agree to.
I want to stay in Jing City.
You are the gate commander.
It's only right for you
to stay here for a while.
How long do you need?
Jing City has just been through turmoil,
and the people are unsettled.
Zheng Xi and I are discussing
how to revitalize this place.
As for
how long it will take,
I cannot give you an estimate right now.
Let's discuss this when you are sober.
Sit.
I am very sober now.
Why discuss it another day?
I told you to sit down.
Your Excellency, I hope you
can give me an answer today.
-As the gate commander of Jing City...
-I told you to sit down.
Or I'll dismiss you right now,
believe it or not.
You wouldn't.
What makes you think I wouldn't?
I am human too.
I also have uncontrollable emotions.
What makes you think I wouldn't?
Fan Yun, let me ask you something.
Do you want to stay here
for Jing City,
or for Zheng Shi?
Your Excellency,
how could you think that?
Have you really no clue
what kind of person I am
and what I think about every day?
These days,
all I've been thinking about
is what will become of Jing City.
And not about Zheng Shi's
funeral arrangements?
You want to stay in Jing City as family
to keep vigil for him.
Right?
Answer me.
I told you to speak.
I told you to speak!
You haven't thought it through yourself,
have you?
Thinking of him as a thorn in your heart
makes him a thorn in mine too.
I also hate the way I am now.
But I just want to...
I just want to be selfish for once
and be your first choice.
I'll wait for you.
Qi Zheng...
Wait for me a little longer.
His Excellency...
His Excellency has left.
This is a letter he left for you.
He said you probably wouldn't go back.
Suyin, go back and rest first.
Fan Yun,
I actually wanted to ask you
if you were willing to leave with me.
But I know your answer.
I know
it's not that you're unwilling,
but that you cannot.
[Jing City]
Now all the men
in the Zheng family are gone,
Zheng Xi alone
has to face the huge Jing City.
Leaving only Tian Xing with her
might not be enough to help.
♪ My heart is unwavering ♪
I know you
♪ My dreams become wings ♪
definitely want to stay in Jing City
and leave only after seeing results.
♪ What does it matter
if we fly against the wind? ♪
I know all of this.
But Fan Yun,
♪ The most ordinary desire ♪
I'm willing to wait for you.
♪ Is worth lighting up ♪
I'll wait until you see me more than
just the governor.
I'll wait for the day
you return to my side.
♪ With my life ♪
I'll wait, even if
♪ From then on ♪
that day may never come.
♪ Time left a glimmer of hope ♪
♪ Take it as the glory of my journey ♪
♪ Face the light,
gaze ahead with brave eyes ♪
♪ Let all darkness and hurt step aside ♪
♪ It's unstoppable ♪
♪ We ride the light and travel together ♪
♪ Not considering how long the road is ♪
♪ When looking back,
I'm still young and stubborn ♪
♪ Let the weathered past ♪
♪ The places once journeyed ♪
♪ Turn into myriad lights ♪
♪ Just as I expected ♪
[Six months later]
Didn't you think my embroidery was ugly?
I said
it was very unique.
Why are you still here?
Didn't you promise me
to show me around today?
You saw it yourself.
My shift was changed.
I can't leave until the Shen hour.
The Shen hour?
Do you know what day it is today?
You clearly promised me.
How can you break your word?
Do you care...
♪ Wind sheds rain like tears ♪
♪ Over the whole town ♪
♪ At the second our gazes meet ♪
♪ Past memories roar one louder beat ♪
♪ Perhaps hearts long to seek ♪
♪ Etch within our fingertips ♪
♪ Hear crisp footsteps echo clear ♪
♪ Strike out
on a fearless dream's frontier ♪
Today is your day.
♪ Though fleeting years rush
without delay ♪
♪ A wisp of softness
tints your brow each day ♪
♪ Walk side by side with moon and sun ♪
♪ When all is said and all is done ♪
♪ We'll ride the ups and downs ♪
♪ When deep love dwells within our eyes ♪
♪ Our burning longing never dies ♪
See you at the Shen hour.
♪ Wander together through wind and frost ♪
♪ Every dark night fades at last ♪
♪ When fate resides within our sight ♪
♪ Gazing toward each other's
distant light ♪
♪ What do heaven and earth seek
but salvation in companionship? ♪
[Jing City]
♪ Don't let the sun down ♪
The end of the year is approaching.
The gate commander
is returning to Ling'an to report.
With Sir Tian Xing staying in Jing City,
you can go to Ling'an with peace of mind.
With you accompanying him,
I'm definitely at ease.
Sirs,
Liu Mu will be traveling with me.
Please rest assured.
You can go back now.
Dad, Gao Ran,
you are here too.
I'm here to demand an explanation.
You returned to Ling'an,
but instead of going home
to tell me you are safe,
you came to the mansion first.
Do you know how upsetting that is?
Dad...
Alright, I was just teasing you.
Now that you are an official,
of course you have to see
His Excellency first,
and then go home.
Little Whirlwind.
Do you still remember me?
Long time no see,
Little king of rods.
I'm here!
How have you been?
Good.
Dad...
-Please.
-Uncle.
[Firm in conviction and eager to learn]
Let's all have another drink.
Splendid.
Let me tell you.
Back in the day,
when I was your age,
I was with Lyu,
and Zheng.
The late governor led us
to gallop on the battlefield,
fighting north and south,
never hesitating.
Drink!
Slow down.
Let go.
Eat more.
Come on.
-Let’s go.
-Eat more.
What are you doing?
We haven't had enough to drink yet.
Come back and drink more.
Come, eat.
Come on.
Come, have a bite.
Lord Lyu.
When did you get here?
With such delicious food here,
how could I be absent?
That's true.
He's just a foodie.
Come.
Zheng,
the state of the Nine Cities now
must be what you've wanted to see.
Come.
Let's have a drink together.
Try this.
Eat more. Come on.
Eat more.
When will you let Fan Yun
hold a ceremony
to officially acknowledge me as her uncle?
Don't drink so much
with your weak alcohol tolerance.
Let me say a few words.
Although it's a bit late,
I, Fan Yun,
have safely returned from Jing City.
Thank you all
for worrying about me.
Drink.
Come on.
Let's all have a drink together.
Good, you are indeed a heroine.
Fan Yun.
Yan Jiang is probably lost again.
How about
you go look for him for me?
Me?
Yes. Look,
Lord Zhao keeps talking to me
about the past.
I really can't get away.
Okay.
Oh, right.
It's easy to get lost in the Phoenix Woods
on a snowy night like this.
Be careful.
Got it.
The bookshelves in Qilin Pavilion
are like a maze.
Fan Yun, I...
Who called me?
You're hearing things.
Hurry up and go.
Alright.
Then help me entertain everyone well.
Okay, go ahead.
♪ Watch how many flowers
bloom and wither ♪
♪ Count how many springs
and autumns pass ♪
♪ Why the sighs and regrets? ♪
♪ Lovers wait a lifetime ♪
♪ Feelings that can't be severed ♪
♪ How to let go? ♪
♪ All our fates were long inscribed ♪
♪ How to set free grief and joy? ♪
♪ Mortal life is but an ephemeral dream ♪
♪ No mortal soul may rule its life ♪
♪ If women are akin to blossoms ♪
♪ Can they be cherished tenderly? ♪
♪ For whom do they hide tears silently? ♪
♪ How could one bear to lay blame? ♪
♪ Time runs wild with reckless haste ♪
♪ Never mind that
fate dyes pureness crimson red ♪
♪ For whom does ♪
♪ This phoenix flower bloom? ♪
♪ Love fills my years,
and my heart remains true ♪
♪ Let all worldly longing fade away ♪
♪ Fall deep within a single dream ♪
♪ Wait till a breath of wind arrives ♪
I...
I thought
I would only see you
at tomorrow's morning assembly.
I didn't expect you to be here.
I come here
every night.
Qi Zheng.
I'm back.
♪ If women are akin to blossoms ♪
♪ Can they be cherished tenderly? ♪
♪ For whom do they hide tears silently? ♪
♪ How could one bear to lay blame? ♪
♪ Time runs wild with reckless haste ♪
♪ Never mind that
fate dyes pureness crimson red ♪
♪ For whom does ♪
Fan Yun.
♪ This phoenix flower bloom? ♪
♪ Love fills my years,
and my heart remains true ♪
♪ Let all worldly longing fade away ♪
♪ Fall deep within a single dream ♪
I finally see you again.
♪ Wait till a breath of wind arrives ♪
I have something for you.
What is it?
♪ All our fates were long inscribed ♪
♪ How to set free grief and joy? ♪
♪ Mortal life is but an ephemeral dream ♪
♪ No mortal soul may rule its life ♪
♪ For whom does ♪
♪ This phoenix flower bloom? ♪
♪ Love fills my years,
and my heart remains true ♪